6 New Year's English
From BBCLearningEnglish.com
Hello, this is 6-minute English from BBCLearningEnglish. I'm Phil
And I'm Beth
Action figures, building bricks, stuffed cutely animals
There's a whole world of toys that many of us have forgotten since we were children
Do you still have any toys from when you were a boy, Phil?
Um, a couple, but I gave them to my kids
Well, nowadays, grown-ups playing with toys is more common than you might think
Recent estimates suggest that adults buying kids' toys for themselves
Accounts for between 30 and 40% of the entire toy market
So many that advertisers have come up with the term for them
Kidults
Adults who are interested in toys and games intended for children
Between the last October and December alone
American kidults spent over 1.5 billion dollars on toys for themselves
Among the most popular were plush toys or plushies for short
Toy dolls or animals made from cloth and filled with soft material
And like other recent trends, the toy trend is being driven by online shoppers and social media
In this episode, we'll meet a children's toy maker and an online influencer
Who are both involved in the increasing trend of adults interested in kids toys
We'll also learn some useful new vocabulary
And remember, you'll find a transcripts for this episode
Along with all the new words and phrases on our website
BBCLearningEnglish.com
But first, I have a question for you, Beth
Lego remains one of the most popular and expensive children's toys
So, according to MSN News, what was the most expensive Lego set ever made?
Was it a, the Lego Harry Potter Hogwarts school?
B, the Lego Star Wars Millennium Falcon?
Or C, the Lego Eiffel Tower?
I'm going to guess Hogwarts because I like Harry Potter
Okay, well we'll find out the answer later in the program
Lisa Lee is a toy maker based in Vancouver
And the owner of Leather Monsters, a brand of Leather Plushies which he advertises online
Here, Lisa tells BBC World Service program Business Daily
How she reconnected with her love of toys as an adult
Once I kind of had a stable job with disposable income, I kind of rediscovered my love for soft toys
And I sort of buying them again because I've always loved collecting things
Because, you know, they bring me happiness, they bring me joy
And I think also a big pillar of my channel and my content
is reconnecting with my childhood and healing that inner child
And I think the toys also play a part in that
Lisa started collecting toys as an adult with a job and disposable income
Disposable income is the money you have left over after paying all your expenses
You can use it to buy whatever you like
Soft, curly toys make Lisa happy and help her reconnect with her inner child
A term from psychology which describes the part of your adult personality
There still feels and reacts like a child
Besides the adults who sell kids toys, are the adults who buy them
Jade, Glat Fulter is an enthusiastic toy collector
And influencer who makes YouTube videos under the name Geek Dad Life
Here's Jade talking about the link between COVID lockdowns
And the rice in adults toy collecting
To BBC World Services Business Daily
And then what happened was a whole bunch of new collectors kind of jumped into toy collecting
And for those of us that were into it before
We saw the prices, the secondary market prices like explode
Once the pandemic happened because you had people that had time on their hands
Maybe they had extra money because they're not spinning it by going out
And now they're putting it into collecting toys
During the pandemic people had time on their hands
An idiot meaning to have a lot of free time
Nothing to do with it
Many adults went online hoping to find the toys they remembered from childhood
As a result a whole bunch meaning a large number of people started collecting toys
And slowly but surely demand increased and prices went up
Yes, it seems that the feeling of rediscovering your childhood
Reported by many adult toy collectors comes at a price
With the cost of collectible items like Pokemon cards and Jevycat plushies
Increasing dramatically during the pandemic
And speaking of expensive toys fill is an at-time you reveal the answer to your question
Ah yes, I asked you what was the most expensive Lego set ever made?
You said it was the Lego Hogwarts school
When I'm afraid the answer is actually the Lego Star Wars Millennium Falcon
Which had a UK retail price of 734 pounds
99 according to MSN news
That's crazy
Okay, it's time to recap the vocabulary we've learned starting with kiddalt
An adult who likes playing with toys and games intended for children
Pleshy is short for plush toy
A toy doll or animal stuffed with a soft cloth filling
Your disposable income is the amount of money you have left to buy
Whatever you want after paying your expenses
Someone's inner child refers to the part of their adult personality
That still feels and reacts like a child
A bunch is a number of things often a large number of things
And finally the idiom to have time on your hands
Means having free time and nothing much to do with it
Once again, our six minutes are up
But remember you'll find episodes about plenty more trending topics
Along with a quiz and worksheet for this episode on our website
BBCLearningEnglish.com
See you there soon, but for now, it's goodbye
Bye